

DOING NOW:


    Add in some effects for moss, and then push it!


    great ship (the great nomad!)
        need warning before 
        world.tickNomad
    derelict ships spawning in the galaxy for salvage, bug hunting opportunities
        Needs to be salvagable, dockable



    Ok. Thank you :slight_smile: So the flow is something like:
    Doing stuff on the machine planet > head back to your space station, dock at it > sign out?


    Gabe had the idea of a temporary manufacturing increase via a shot or something that would then have a negative side effect afterward
        Think addiction/brain burn afterward. Would be a way of stimming up manufacturing like we stim up attack and defense, but for manufacturing.


    Mess with shaders for the player underwater look

    
    If we can't place a player in the galaxy, try the coords around the player instead of random
        Search server for: 'Was not able to place player on planet or specific galaxy coord. Getting a random one'
        Players can effectively force a warp

    Need to change move delay server side so players' can't switch to body/ship/body/ship to reset the move delay. Also, probably shouldn't have a 10 move 
        wiggle window for really slow things like stations.


    switch font awesome to self hosted

    autopilot seems to be broken


    make sure crashed meteorites work (salvage them?)

    integrate algae king monster

    advanced forge image and functionality

    draw stimshot/stimpack/whatever


    I need a better way of sending an admin message to everyone about server updates
    
    Client is repeatedly moving too fast!
        I should really try to fix this, make it not happen


    Having multiple ships is not intuitive


    Water planet stuff for Alexander   
        Starfish. Robot shark. Some type of underwater moss? The octopus-like body that is good at cooking is also fast underwater.


        Need to make the octopus body slow on land, fast in water



        Need to limit the # of things that can be stacked on a floor. Limit at 100 Territe/tile or so.


    Not sure that cooking listens to complexity yet


    I want to try and track failed logins, # of logins, etc to see if people are finding the game and leaving,
        finding the game and failing to login, finding the game and then just.... dying?


    Need to expand on augments

    admin /moveto ship is buggy!!!


    Make those merchant spots do stuff!

    Have a derelict spaceship type that spawns as an event in the galaxy. Comes with multiple levels, and monsters spawn on it.
        and it's salvagable, and there is salvage contained within

    I should do a pass on some of the basic things players get to do as well, and try making videos for some of
        them on Youtube
        Traps - I need to expand on this
        Mining - I definitely want things like exodium and gold be to able to be mined from asteroids.
            I either want asteroids to have a pre-determined composition, or I want to dynamically pull chances
            for things based on the mining tools used, and the skill.

            Have asteroids move slowly through space?
                If an asteroid landed on a planet, would spawn a crashed meteorite or something I guess.

    No 'set autopilot destination' option for large dockable ships. It would be good to see why that isn't showing up.
        Same with switching to. I think it has to do with the belongs_to coords

    If a ship is dockable, we want to run the sprite all the time


        The ability to re-generate a single level


NEED TO DRAW


    Some slerm. Baby slerm, generic slerm

    Glass of Life Water / Bulb of Life water?
        Drew Kick Bulb. Could do the same with life water








ART TASKS


city floor tileset

gang members

construction worker (gemquery -> corporation world)

moss

moss garden

moss deposit

Asteroid Ship

Zuran Cruiser Wreck
    https://images.gemquery.com/255/content_2554351.jpg

    Spawns a Widden Monster

    Also spawns bugs https://images.gemquery.com/240/content_2402471.png


Star Explorer Wreck
    https://images.gemquery.com/255/content_2554352.jpg

Derelict ship 3x (just salvage)
    Some small like 24x24 - asteroid size
    https://www.artstation.com/artwork/mNLa9


Some larger, 32x32 so the player can dock at them
    2x

Thiol Drive
Broken Thiol Drive


The Great Ship



life herb seedling



MONSTER PROGRESSION
carnivorous plant egg
carnivorous plant baby
carnivorous plant
man eater

algae
algae puffs
algae 
blue algae
algae power cell




exodium asteroid

water zealots. Must be blue


random advertisement drones that show up here and there on corporation planets!!!! A little drone with a burger image on it, etc.
    Holo advertisements
    NEON!


Low Priority:
https://gemquery.com/admin/favorite-view/818
Sandstone
Sandstone deposit
Sandstone floor
Sandstone wall



