******************THINGS TO INVESTIGATE/OPTIMIZATION IDEAS******************:
    /addinventory 100 manufacturing augment
        The above admin command lags up the client to the point of disconnect. Need to figure out why,
        and if it's just the one client, or the entire server.

    I had the idea of not storing planet coords at level -1 and below if they are just walls - and telling the client
        to just draw those spaces as walls.
        Benefits: Many less planet coords
        Cons: Each time the server fails to find a planet coord, it means a full array lookup
        (and potentially a database query, which also ends up not finding it). Quite a few things to consider
        to avoid some big drawbacks.


    Another idea is to store the array index of things in memory, so we don't have to do lookups all the time
        e.g. Storing that planet_coord id: 70 has array index: 30
        If done well, I think I could avoid a lot of lookups, and I believe the only big con is more memory usage

    Third idea for planet coords is to separate them out by planet
    dirty.planet_coords[planet_id] = []; //?


I really just don't know if I want an Exodium knife... I feel like I want to get to cooler things than.... knives of everything
    Exodium Knife - requires quick matter knife research


    See if we can make the right side of space abyss scroll so the left side doesn't move around

    
    Lets see if we can switching logging in to asynchronous.

    
    have the health page send a warning email if the levels of certain things are too low

    
    PLAYERS ARE GETTING PUT ON SHIP_ID 2!!!!!!


************************ UNSORTED IDEAS *****************************:






More work on factions

track time in game?


Group some npcs into houses. The idea of powerful houses, being from a powerful house. Offers some protection. Could even have different npc houses
    fight each other. Lots of neat lore in children growing up with a lot of power already, and still aiming for even more.

Bringing bugs/diseases onboard ships. To do it really complicated, would need airlokcs, dcontamination chambers, all sorts of stuff
    Could have a plant type that attaches a bug/spore to a player that would activate once on a ship/station

Need a solution for monsters attacking for 0 damage. Probably shouldn't give equal skill to a player attacking
    a big monster, and another player attacking an iron wall.

Black Cubes with a double helix gold crown on top. COuld be the first Nulrom. Judge. Could spawn on Inferno planets like Slagcell for now.
    Not sure Nulroms should auto attack

For Voonmilk, should have a Matriarch Voon.

Abilities for weapons. So far one of the common things that makes combat in MMOs a little more interesting, is the spells/abilities
    attached to weapons. We could test doing something similar. Give a user something to manage during combat.

    Some abilities could wear down an item.

    Hull welder: turn up the heat or something. Knife, hard stab. Mimetic arm, a pierce.

Thought-Virus. In golden age, something you could buy to permanently alter your thoughts. Always happy, but it's not real happiness.

Armor white as ice

Crystal vein/river deep in the mountain worlds

Avrana Kern ends up being a vindictive AI. Always enough processing power to put down someone. Showing their dead body location when she analyses their plan and sees its faults.

Mercenary/fighter type npc that levels up and goes after bounties


Neptunian guys in large ice armor to keep their super modified brains near absolute zero.
    It was neat how they communicated. With the extra brain speed/power they attach appendixes to everything. The word I has an appendix that contains
        his whole life.

We want things like a race attacking another race. But inevitably, someone will win/destroy the other. So have some base
    level triggers that we can modify to shift balances

Could have temporary bodies. Ephemeral, transient bodies that are built just to do something really well, for a short amount of time.
    Could purchase from NPCs, or even make them.


Implementing the market linkers, the bidding linkers, etc.
    Gotta get merchant npcs bidding on these things too


Living wood spaceships

Ringworld style planet type - rectangular, not super deep.



Allow a player to rent out tiles that they own. So Cadian can build a building on the azure planet, and rent out rooms.
    Players could bid on the rooms - highest bidder gets it. Probably would make sense to grandfather in the price/month
    that rooms go for. 5th of every ACTUAL human month.
    Would require that planet_coords have a.... owner_room_id and a renting_player_id ? Owner would create a room/space to rent,
    name it, etc.
    Things I think I need for the tables:
        planet_coords:
            area_id
        areas:
            id
            name
            owner_id
            description
            renting_player_id
            rent
        bidding_linkers: ( would be fun for this to work like Ebay. The price is like 5 credits/month higher than the 2nd highest bid )
            area_id
            max_price



Could add hacking via inserting hidden virus rules into objects


When a player interacts with an NPC, it can modify their relationship linker with that NPC. Having a really good
    relationship with an NPC could let you have them join your ship



Eventually it would be neat to have the slaves on Slaver planet actually doing something. Harvesting something. Would actually collect it, and have the slaver masters
    come by and take it

Self propgating deleters or self populatin corruptors. Could have machine worlds fight back with events like these
    when someone establishes an AI on them

Planets should have weather. Rain. Snow. Desert Storms. Effects should be light and nice, so that players don't just disable them. Meteors fallings. Taullerian fragments could
    show up. Idea behind it is waking up in Stardew valley and things have changed. It makes the world feel alive.
    More insects and other little things that show up sometimes on planets. Snails, butterflies, etc

Flesh style planet. The whole planet is a massive organism. Pinks and flesh colors. Gooey.

Ocean of nanobots. Nanobots producing waste heat/steam

Waste disposal on corporation planets

Could have different npc densities based on the planet type. Lots of npcs on corporation planets. Maybe quite a few
multi level buildings with different corporations, CEOs, and guards. Have a CEO npc that spawns a
building and guards and some treasure. Have player take it out

Event that spawns seeds that grow into monsters that spawn other seeds -> monsters. A planetary scale infection

Potentially have a research result window. Would show the result of the research instead of a message that it failed. Could be turned off.

Could have a nanobot collection point like the thiol geyser. Nanobots keeping the planet ecology stable. Or could be an event. Instead of a normal
    dust storm, a nanobot storm to put the planet tile back

Machines that replicate and build more machines. I know I put this somewhere before. Invasion.
    Could have an organic system do this too

Semi transparent creatures. Slug with brain showing

Ships being able to protect other ships

Space sentries. Objects that protect an area of space

On the idea of Biogrove planets or others changing if they are conquered - we could also  use that flag to spawn an Atkins type
    savior for them

Energy shapes living on the sun.

Heat or ice resistant body or armor type

Super polluted planet. Could maybe tie into Corporation planets, and have NPCs using most of their money for drugs just to stay alive.
    Could have an NPC corp that manufacturs the medicine and gets rich off of it.

We should be able to get the ranged attack thing to follow the player. We should be able to base it off of the phaser example
    and have it disappear once it gets to the player. At least have some homing options.

Would be really neat to have a medical NPC that would let you use their
    advanced auto doc for a price. ECONOMY!!!!!!! I could potentially add that in via rules. Would maybe need to add a cost to certain rules. Auto doc has a rule
    that allows all players to use it, but at a cost of 100 credits.

Elevators for quick vertical movement in tall buildings.

The game could have broken derelict ships that spawn with a monster or two inside, and spawn all damaged
    Hell, we could do the same thing with a space station and since it's dockable, the player could explore it
    Seems logical that we would let the player explore the ship before trying to claim it
        Our code really doesn't support that yet.

More advanced types of ships could have floors (materials that they are made of) that have a higher complexity, and are harder to repair.
    Mechanic NPCs

General ship attack/defense

Quasar/Black Hole

Power Knife



Curiosity as an aspect of certain NPCs, monsters, races, AIs, etc

Bioluminescent plants. Glowing underground

Organic ships. Like flying in the mouth of a whale. A modified one with an exoskeleton and plants growing inside for the air.

POTENTIAL HACKING TYPE:
    Go to attack an AI. Slowly adds more and more, stronger and stronger constructs. You can jump to a different spot in... memory? to avoid,
        but that uses some of your energy from your hacking skill, and now you have less left. More advanced AIs find you faster. AI could search each
        square in the location the player jumps to. As you jump you run out of energy. AI closing in, taking you out.


Science vessel could come with an advanced research station or two. Something that you would otherwise have trouble manufacturing at a low level.

Ecology! Things like eggs needing certain conditions to hatch. grows_into_xxxx but with a condition. Needs something to activate.

*ACTUALLY - For now lets not mess with this. I know I keep coming back to it, but not sure I love the implementation.
*For safe spots in space, not sure if I want an entirely different floor type, or I could just color the floor type differently (tint/hue shift/whatever)
*    For the object type giving off this protection area - we would want it to be pretty obvious. An object type where the only rule type is to protect
*    everyone.

I like the idea of information that can be lost, or is particularly hard to obtain. Just not really sure how to implement thing in the world, since
    high tech means that most information is freely available. Possible things would be an advanced type of information that codes itself to the
    DNA of the host. Almost like a virus-thought, but with some neat benefit. If the body dies, so does it. To get this knowledge you would either
    need to obtain it yourself, or buy a body that contains it.

Attacking Overhaul



    Maybe some neat way of crafting viruses to attack MLM things

    Damage Types:
        Thought Virus

    Separate attacks out into each thing equipped - for players, npcs, and objects

    For ships, have multiple lasers each show up - and for the defense, need multiple shields to absorb the impact.
        The idea is to have a bunch of lasers firing from different points on the ship, and a bunch of little shield icons.

Could have monsters that are mostly invisible until they attack. Could tie into attack animations.

Unique planet types. First one would be a Slaver Homeworld. Gold.

Odd shaped space stations. Hourglasses, Gold palaces, etc. Would be a neat thing to tie into monetization.

Doctor npc that charges for equips.

Replicating machines. Could have the machine world do stuff like that sometimes.

Server bot. Lady legs. Sexy. Just a try above them. NPC or monster? Servant style NPC

Need some negative effect when switching bodies a lot. Negative effect will slowly decrease as the body switching level increases

Having a pirate engine in your mind, hacking shared throughts. Looking for loopholes.

Helping biogrove planets. Hurting biogrove planets via AI dust and stuff. The idea that Biogrove planets, and the things
    that make them up, are at conflict with AI type things.
    Maybe I could have something bad spawn on the Biogrove planet if AI Dust is placed there. Spawns some sapper type of thing.

Feeding/helping one thing, and having a big effect because a bunch of seemingly unconnected things, are connected.
    Most common version of this is like watering a flower, and all the flowers in the area grow.


There's a group of very peaceful AIs. Players that are not confrontational, don't like the rat race, can have an AI protect them from other players.
But there are heavy conditions for it. They can't have attacked someone else. They can remove the AI protection, but it results in their stats and level
being reduced to when they got the protection. A life bond with a powerful, peaceful AI.




***************** UNSORTED IDEAS ****************************************************************************

backpacks - I really like the different colored backpacks from Tibia. For the inventory, we could have
    backbacks open new windows like in Tibia

We could do a similar things for the different tabs for equipment/management/etc. Make those buttons
    that view/hide divs in the side that the user can open/close.
    Would be neat to let users re-size them - but really not sure about how to do that.

Spider silk seque ship material. Ship material that can be manipulated, changed.

Worms that make silk. Or a metal silk. Feed them and they produce valuable material. Farm the worms.

On corporation worlds, have a life force extractor npc that players can go to. Get paid credits for giving
    some of their life force to the NPC.
    Players would also be able to build these machines/stations.

Npc auto doc

Different bullet types - or at least different gun types. Explode on impact, area of effect type stuff.

Small homing discs that chop off bits
Small homing discs that are timed bombs

Energy shields

Just in general - use more variety in shapes. Circles, squares, rectangles, discs, triangles, etc.
    Look up 'shapes'

Mechs on machine worlds

Monsters that eat things to get stronger. Think demons or something. Could take a baby/weak version of that
    to a planet you don't like - feed it things - maybe even npcs - and make it stronger.

Slave npcs in corporations. Those types of corps would like you if you bring them a body to enslave.
    Could have the same idea with shady corporations that use life force. Give them a body to extract all the force
        out of them


Neutronium

Power a nervous system from a heart like a black hole

Energy Baton

Matrix. Slaves. Promised neverland. Slave farm implementation.

Have things spawn underground that can be salvaged. Have derelict space ships and satellites in space that can be salvaged.
    Could have some that 'crash' and are salvagable on the surface too.

Radiation weapons with area of effect. Could potentially radiate a floor tile for some amount of time.


Pickled food - we could have artisan food types

Storm generator


Have npcs from different races. An MLM npc that wants to gain CPU power, gets stronger as a result. Improves MLM standing.



NPC likes and dislikes. Favorite food or something


Need to disallow is_stairs and is_hole on ship

The idea of allowing players to advance different bugs. Add intelligence to one. Think of uplifting.

The idea of things like water. A river. it's something that can be worked with, modified, re routed. But the system
    itself can't be stopped. It's too large.

Could have a bug race take over a planet. Would require players to get the planet back. They could even show up
    in a spaceship and slowly move towards a planet. Massive bug colony infestation.
    One of the ways we could get this to work is that the colony wouldn't replenish. For an easy one.
    Add things like larva nests and other things so the bugs can spread for a more difficult infestation.

We need some balancing mechanic that lets different races ebb and flow. Can't have bugs take over everything. We could
    have spawn rates increase or decrease based on the number of planets they have. Have savior type events when
    the race's planets are few or none.

Poisoned food. Giving someone poisoned food.


Electricity-based organisms


We could have bodies that are unequipped slowly decay. Players could build healing tiles to counteract this effect
So you switch bodies, the old one being on a healing tile you've built - and it stays fine

No non admin building or replacing floors on azure planets. Gotta test all this
    Might want to make it rule based. (So the AI's rules)
    Same thing with destroying. Allow harvesting, but not destroying
    So to get wood from a tree on an azure planet you would need to harvest a seed and plant it elsewhere


??? Matter Converter (how about to start it just converts shit to credits?)

Need some more active healing things. Sci fi version of potions.



Equipping a pan or something to increase cooking skill. Could have a whole body just for cooking up things
    Eyes that see the temperature of things. Many hands

Viruses that consume crops. Eventually mutate.

Weeds that grow and spread.


Would be neat to have different bodies have different healing rates and base HP values. Rock would heal slowly but have more initial HP.
    Humans and MLM would heal pretty fast. MLM probably faster. On this point, need to change the player's current hp when they switch bodies

Could have body types that have different limitations. Maybe a body type that isn't hurt by fire tiles, or a body type that
    can't go a normal planet. Not sure this would be the most fun distinction to code in. The idea is having a body
    that is adapt in Space. People growing in 0 gravity would be longer, elegant and willowy.



Mess with shaders for the player underwater look



Would be neat to maybe have a kind of stasis that a body could be put into. Healing tile + some sort of extractor for energy.
    A living battery. I generally like the idea of having a clone/slave
    So we made a life extractor - converting hp to money on corporation worlds. I guess for this we need a
        healing floor + stasis extractor that converts hp to energy, and some way of getting that energy out?

Add crashed Meteorite events and processing finds.

Monsters should be able to grow into other monsters over time (Carnivorous Plant Baby -> Carnivorous Plant)

We are switching player energy to body energy. Did that in some places, but I know there are more places we should do that




To facilitate the alpha, admins should be able to place beacons on planets that they are ready to re-generate. The beacon should give
    players a week to kill it. If it's not killed, the reset will happen. Might work well to keep progress moving forward, but
    give players some flexibility

Would be neat to have monsters able to spawn other monsters. This,
combined with monsters growing, could really let a plague loose on a planet

With addictions and switching bodies, we could have effects pass onto the player themselves if things get bad enough
    Additions could start with the body, but a high level one will impact the player as well.
    There should be some effects from switching a body too much as well. Lose a sense of self, or even just
    a timer for having some negatives to attack and defense.

Suns. I would want the tiles around the sun to to damage over time. A sufficiently strong shielded ship or station
    could live in this damaging area.

Nebulae in space (and other things of this type). Would make it more interesting

Photovoltaic plants for energy generation

Decide if we want to do weapon accuracy in addition to the distance mechanic we have.
    Positives is that it adds another level of competency
    Downsides is it's a layer of complexity
    I sort of enjoy the idea of having someone equip a super complex weapon and hurting themselves - but IDK if that
    would be fun/work.

Thinking that hacking would be more of an end game thing. AIs would be really quick and good at it. Could start with
    just letting a player stand next to a terminal or a large chair, and once they move to the next screen, the AI kills them.

We could have an augment type that get more powerful the longer you are in a specific body. Would reset when you move
    to a different body. Might be useful on Cadian too.

Skin black like space with stars and planets embroidered on it

Admin commands. Maybe /admin-place object_type object_type_id coord_type coord_id
    Or something like that *shrugs*

Need to add skill to manufacturing things. Same with auto docs. Same with research. Failure % chance for harder stuff. Need to make
    sure we increase skills, and that players get better over time. We could either just use the skill, or we could
    have more advanced manufacturers/auto docs/research stations. Probably should start out with just skill based.




I think that a mobile healing station is a neat idea. Potentially let players equip stuff that would heal players next to them,
    or maybe have a deployable nano-med field that would heal in a certain area.

Rat farmer on corporation worlds


Have Cadian energy tick always

Giant worms that dig through just about anything, then go back to the surface, scrunch up, and launch the shit out of massive boulders at distant planets

Have ships able to bet set on some sort of autopilot - use this as a way to move large things like stations over huge amounts of time
    Also lets us make space more distant

Maybe have a thievery skill/points. Could either have it build up points and decay over time
    (and have AIs not allow thieves on their planets potentially) Or we could make it a skill. I kind of like the idea
    of it decaying over time. Potentially have unmonitored areas, where hostile acts aren't seen


Could potentially have planet events based on ownership. Machine planets that are owned by a player could spawn a nanobot swarm that attempts to take the planet back

Biogrove planets could get really angry/strange when their world tree is destroyed, and it tries to grow another one


Should be able to do an injection that increases manufacturing/research/food processing skills but for a very high addiction chance and penalty.
    Think of burning through a body's brain to make it operate at 200% for a bit of time.
    Should also have augments for these types of things


Allow drop linkers (death linkers) to do things like spread an infection.


Let players extract/convert their body energy for batteries and such


Take our player relationship linker and expand its functionality to have scenarios where players can access things based
    on whether the race likes them. The first, most obvious example of races that wouldn't like each other would be MLM and
    Vueg

     Slagcells just like devestation

Could stagger monster and object animation times based on their ID/index or something.



Slaves on the slaver planet should be NPCs that could be liberated. Have a job of mining iron depoists, and actually have them interact with the iron deposists

Have more asteroids with more complexities. more mineral types, harder to mine

Currently we have functions:
    calculatePlayerAttack
    calculatePlayerDefense
    calculatePlayerStats

    All of which do different things. Player attack depends on range. Defense will depend on a bunch of stuff too,
    so maybe we change calculatePlayerStats to calculatePlayerHp or something like that?



Let player add rules to defense drones
Prevent dropping within one tile of spaceport. We are using the can_build_on flag - need a tile type surrounding the spaceport
Prevent monsters from moving on walls and the player (This might be an underground only problem. Check planet level)

implement AOE effects. bombs!

deprecate world.addObjectToPlanetCoord in favorite of main.updateCoordGeneric

bonuses and negatives for different body types



I think the little pod before the player glitch is the coord receiving the player's ship object before the player moves
    Need to think of conditions when we draw the pod. Should we just not draw the ship at all if it's the player's ship id?
    Since we are drawing the player.

Crystal spiders attacking with their fangs, or their legs. Depending on the attack, there's a possibility for more damage
    relate it to the actual monster type

salvage skill - salvaging things spawn on planets, - maybe derelict ships in space that you walk on too
    salvaged materials could be based on what it takes to assemble that object. Uses the object's complexity.
    Maximum amount players should be able to salvage is 1/2.
    e.g. 10 batteries. Max salvage is 5 batteries. Need to beat complexity check by 5 to get all of that. Otherwise you get
        the difference between the complexity check and your level
    Salvaging needs to take longer than attacking the object


I want to play around with the idea of having a view attached to the socket/player. Checking coord id's, ship_coord_ids, etc is kind of a pain


Ship laser should use energy. Ship railgun should use syntite. Let players place batteries into the energy storage object type
    Should always take more energy to attack than to defend. Attacking with laser is more expensive energy wise than defending with shield

    There needs to be some gain from multiple shield generators. Maybe each shield generator takes some time to effectively neutralize
        incoming damage.

    So a minimum ship shield for defense would require a shield generator, energy storage, and the player to have seeded the energy storage with batteries

Need to send new monster hp to the room
Need to show battle effects from other players


More body options - and check to see that body effects happen


Need a way to convert body energy/hp to batteries. Or just let players do that with a lot of algae

Could have a metal associated with the Taullerans. Virtalite, Virtualite, Virite.

RADIATION!!!!!! Damage Type Too. Monster types could either be really sensitive to it, very strong to it, or it could
    actually make them more powerful.
    Radiation meds

We can have slerm live in water based ships - like the octopuses in the children of ruin but - slerm!
    Spaceships full of water. Octopuses.

Add in an airlock type of tile for ships

Ai daemons should decay over time
TOO MANY KICK PLANTS

Separating out planets more would definitely be good
    Spaceports could be larger and have portals on them leading to nearby planets - at least for some beginning planets.
    Not quite sure how to make that all work, and not have Cadian just own all the planets

    We could have NPCs that keep a basic portal system running

Airlocks on spaceships

we have an enslaved_to_player_id on npcs.
    I kind of want the slaver to go around to other places, and enslave npcs. He would probably need to be an npc to do that.
        npcs do need races. npcs would need an enslaved_by_npc_id. I don't generally think that we would want all that
        kind of stuff added to monsters. Being able to enslave. idk.

We could do works_for_player_id for when players offer npcs jobs



Could have multiple tiers of storage objects, manufacturers, etc.
    Higher level ones could have rules attached to them. Smart Crate or something. So the default is just effectively a box.
    More advanced ones could have security levels that people can try and work through, if they are bad people.



How to put a desert storm effect on a tile
    Add effect_id to a planet coord?


There are two scenarios that I would like to have when converting things.
1. Batteries -> Energy. Always. Easy
2. For the Crashed Meteorite I would like to have different possible outcomes.
    So just have multiple conversion linkers with the same input - and then different outputs with different chances

crabs on shallow water tiles
deep water tiles

crystal carapace

Increasing a player -> NPC relationship to possibly get them to work for you.
Drugging the NPC and forcing them to work for you.
Draw injection
    Need to make some items that you equip get used up. Parasites, injections, logic bombs, ACTUAL bombs

Could potentially have something like an injection gun too. Converting/healing via a substance to fill charges


Keep messing with 3.17+ and see if a version that shows up on phones is viable


Lets see if we can combine give with something else. trade? Not sure we really use trade
But we will have players giving and trading things with npcs, as well as other players
I kind of thing that it should probably all go into a trade system, but with one side just being empty for 'giving'.
    LOOK INTO IT!

Chance for enslaving should go up when HP is small. (POKEBALL :p)
Ways of making a slave:
    Mind hacking for machines
Parasite for organics

Add a merchant npc spot in the spaceport. We want a cook npc type that turns basics into food, and sells at a price.
    Would need to acquire items from a merchant or get them


WHEN WE ARE A SHIP THAT IS DOCKABLE, AND WE MOVE, WE NEED OUR UPDATED LOCATION SENT TO PLAYERS DOCKED ON US (PRETTY SURE WE STILL NEED TO DO THIS)
    movement.moveGalaxy at bottom


Research the forge and the manufacturer to get access to the next levels of them - which should allow you to queue up things to build,
    as well as giving a slight bonus.
    Could even have different types of high level manufacturers/forges. Ones that are slow, but give an increase to the skill,
    and ones that are simply faster, or let you queue things up.

SALVAGE
    Makes sense that someone who looks at something and doesn't know what it is, wouldn't be able to find much.
    So makes sense that we could have more of things, and/or more advanced things at higher salvage levels

    create table salvage_linkers(id int unsigned not null auto_increment primary key, object_type_id int,
        salvaged_object_type_id int, salvaged_amount int, complexity int, rarity int, created_at datetime, updated_at datetime);

    Goal is to spawn a derelict, damaged alien ship via an event. Uses at least exodium for it's structure - so a low level can't do
        anymore more than try and salvage it. Maybe with enough salvaged ones, a player could repair it.

    Space Debris (need a better name - broken satellites and things) - add in some basic salvage linkers


Area of effect stuff - really want safe areas in space as we make space larger

SAFE ZONE BEACONS IN SPACE



Some kind of label or tint thing for crates and other things that hold other things


Cooking body - octopus with lots of legs
Manufacturing body - scientist



Take a page out of nature and have ecosystems where multiple things rely on each other.


Slerm armor that's good against corrosive stuff

Radiation knife. Need to come up with a radiation material

Genetweak
Redreed. A smoked substance.

Eventually we need something like a cloning vat to be only able to fit one body at a time. Don't really want 100x bodies in a cloning vat,
    or in a crate or something.

        Got me thinking about space issues. Maybe down the road have a cloning vat put the finished body in a tile around it or something?
            output_placement_locations ? (inventory, tiles_around ). Idk.


Attempt to see if we can have a couple of wall sizes - one for when there is a wall under it.
    I would want to time drawing the tile before and after the extra lookup


Really need to give players more body options. Insect like one. Lizard like one. (INSPIRED DAVID)

Stims that do a higher attack and defense increase, but subtract HP
Nanobot patch that heals large amounts of hp at a time

Would be neat to have a nanobot cloud with a visible effect. Dual purpose healing + blocking some of the damage

Organics that rely on machines to move.
Could do slerm in a treaded cart

eevberry

Have a more advanced type of chitin armor that is chitin combined with something else more difficult to find

Could have an admin page that pushed generic settings to the server. npcs_active true/false (making this secure would need some sort of private key)


On the slaver planet, integrate the idea we had for convict planets. We could have a ruling NPC. Prometheus/Emperor style npc that rules over
    things. The event on the slaver/convict planet could be that their lords go around collecting money from the slaves/convicts.
    Would be neat for NPCs to have lineage. Offspring. Powerful NPC houses/guilds. Would be able to control a planet themselves.
    Empress/CEO/etc. High end NPCs should have guards, their own rooms. Thing stronghold, placace, tower.
    Eventually would be really neat for them to have friends/foes.

    Eventually have NPCs kidnap, mutate, enslave other NPCs



For the Taullerans, think bubbles.

Allow players to expand their ships? Allow ships to have multiple levels?

Shields

I thought it was neat that Polity agents needed a drug to keep their security clearance up. Not sure I would want to
    implement something like that, but you could use it as a way to give temporary passes to players in certain areas.
    E.g. an exclusive space station and this dose gives you access to it for an hour. Or even base a whole faction on the drug.


Players should naturally discover how to build a next level body as part of the beginning steps. Blueprint?

Slerm bodies

Multiple auto attack types on objects. Auto attack objects (player built), Auto attack players
    (or just add in the attacking player objects into the existing stuff )

shipyards, abandoned pods, etc - need to decay at some rate.
For the shipyard, the decay condition would be if it's not active, and has a coord_id.
For the pod, it would be that it is abandoned (no player id)


Potentially have control over slaves wane with time if they don't see you, or you don't re-up their control stuff.


I wonder if I want to start implementing some more sort of economy. Nothing crazy, maybe NPCs needing food, and a
    merchant type NPC to travel around selling food. Merchant, farmer, mercenary. Should be lots of job types,
    but everything players should be able to do much better.

Hestra seeds


For cosmetics....
    Having a cosmetic body makes a lot of sense - nanobots that instantly conform to the situation.
    Not sure about how to do this with ships. For ships.... skins... makes more sense, but that would be
        much more situational
    cosmetic_body_id
    cosmetic_ship_id
    body_skin_id?
    ship_skin_id?


If a monster moves on stairs/hole, it should move up/down

Make sure AI Daemons decay after a while

Potentially have limits to the # of things one object can spawn. SO many acid flies

Default state of things like manufacturers usable by anyone

NPC Job: Fuel merchant. Ship Dealer

Eating monster cells to change a body

Volcano that puts lava flows on tiles

Statis. Floor type - things won't decay in in

Gestation chamber

Synthbio replicator
Smart matter
Dyson statites
Diamondoid processing nodes
Cold quantum condensates
Holeship
Darkship gravity ripples
Quantum packets
Gamma-ray lasers to supply holeships with fresh singularities

Exotic matter
Quark
Gluon
Hadron
Condensed matter

Slagcell monster type who's tears are blood. COnstantly puts new sadnesses in its brain. Sadnesses from others even. Darkest
    thoughts, seeing the brokeness of humanity. Skin raw, torn. The tears sting. Deserves the pain.

Bit rot - radiation induced dementia for machines
Brain dump
A slave controller
Lamashtu
Lilith
Haldane
Tau Ceti
Micrometeroroid defenses
Electrostatic radiation deflector
Mechanocytes

Plasmonic
Nueral core
Soul chip
Machines having a system to rebuild. In 'Bit Rot' by CHarles Stross, the machines want pure matrials after a cosmic ray
    encounter to help heal. Primitive functions first. So the highly damaged have no concience.
    In terms of a gameplay element - could have very strong and hostile monster or npc that actually turns logical
        if they receive enough machine material to fix themselves.

Neutron shield
Predator cities
Acid baths
Solipsism - that everything outside your mind could be unreal
AI wetware
ginkgo tree
plasma slug
Diamond drop flies put into a drink. Once inside, takes carbon from blood to assemble gates and interrupts in nervous system
Creatures of godlike power and infantile rage
Inviligators
Promethean




Nerve toxin

Nano assemblers pulling carbon, hydrogen, and oxides out of the air to create an armor. Black diamond armor
Sentry-shield
Numbus? Like a shielded area?

World-Minds
Star-Minds

Hypno-narcotics
Neurochemicals ( Neuroxhemicals? )

Cameras as potential minimaps/windows. Players could check on a location. AIs could let the player do it at will for energy

Temple soldier
Ruel with a super slow animation rate. So slow you almost don't see it. Living statue.

Using black hole as power source.
Superconducting ring
Electromagnetically accelerated
Beam riding passenger carriers
Golden vacuum armor
Kinetic penetrator
City with a shell of rock, iron, and ice
Antiproton beams
Muon accelerators
Fission-pumped gamma-ray lasers
Cryoprotectorants - used to cool/preserve brain

Potentially open up the idea of fees for portals that someone else owns - or have a base set on some of the core worlds that
    provides income to Cadian

Giant upside down trees in the water.
Towers are bones. Trees of bone. Calcium hydroxyapatite. Root canopy a digestive orgon. Using solvents to dissolve and absorb other things

Positron activation scan
Heavily engineered humans for specific purposes. Amazing at oceangoing

Warmind
Hundreds of eyes on stalks like fruit

Flowers growing out of zero g bubbles of water
    Along this line - some thing that can literally only ever exist in zero g. Flower growing in a literal bubble of water would be crazy frazile.

    Archons of the dilemma prison

Smartmatter
Transparent comet ice walls on a ship
AIs having different avatars. Butterflies. Other things

Stranglet bomb
Highway meso-particles
Light mill beams
Proteomic computers
Computronium in bones
Bladeship
Q-dot. Quantum dot.
Sapphire ship structure
Root access to a body
Engineer-of-Souls
Ships with small suns in them
Mind steganography
The Proust effect
Exomemory
Sythbio vat

Atom beam
Time as a currency
Privacy as currenty - gevulot
Entaglement ring
Biodrone
Synthbio drone

Elodie
Isidore
Lindstrom
Sebastian
Andre
Cryptarch
Tall and skinny spacer/belt people.
Recursive memory virus
Q-gun. Quantum gun.

Flying machine bugs with syringes. Large green or red bodies of fluid.

Maze city. Streets that change. Might only ever find a specific shop one time. Doors that only open if you are something, or were in love. Tiles warping around.

Slave-mind
Neutrino link
Metacortex
Ghostgun
Quantum umbilical
Smartcoral
Entire castle that's a robot
Spidercab

Floating city with a trash city underneath it.
    Thought about coding it a little. Portal/elevator from the bottom to the top. Could have a wealth-based rule to gate it


Nanoseed
Xuexue

Celestial Doctor - could have titles associated with skill levels.
Transcranial magnetic simulator
Drugware

SubAIs in charge of specific advanced things. Gogols (minds) in Quantum Thief. Could harvest NPC minds to make items stronger?

Combat fog
Tellirium
Heavy gravity around a trapped singularity. Could affect movement speed

Chemical bot
Synthbio brain
Tempmatter - cheap walls and things that decay over time

One of the races should be tiny

In The Quantum Thief, people serve time as quaiet. Helping the city move, terraforming, etc. They are turned into things
    with all different sizes suited to their task. From a skyscraper size to ant size.

Synthbio bacteria

Metal insects

Brain worm

Smart chitin armor?
Metacortex
Linear accelerator firing semi-autonomous coherent payloads
Nanomissile

Programmable matter
Programmable matter layer under epidermis becomes armor, harder than diamond
Fusion reactor in a thigh
Disassembler tendrils shooting out of fingers
Could have salvaging tendrils too

Skin cleaning itself after a battle. Flaking off the bloody bits

I really want the slaves on slaver planets to salvage stuff. Need the damn slaver to head to a corporation planet, abduct a npc (ideally a junkie),
    and have it head back to the slaver planet and salvage falling stuff.
    Could potentially combine the slaver planet with the high wealth/trash city underneath planet stuff

Q-dots: artificial atoms capable of assuming many different properties

Slaves could also have alchemy devices that convert their life energy + sand/whatever into useful output

Data fortress
Deep net

Subdermal systems with a rebooting process. Active for like a minute, takes much longer time to reboot

Molecular machines]]Synthbio repair organisms
Stealth fog/blinding cloud. Lowering accuracy

Potentially let players require a fee to land on their planet


    I think I want to keep on expanding out NPCs - I like the idea of a mind control monster spawning on slaver planets,
        the slaver npc harvesting some of that, and then going to the corporation world to enslave someone with the items equipped

        We have the 'control' damage type

        When NPCs are low on health they should try and run to a spaceport, and eat there, or then try to head to an azure planet and heal up there.

        It might be easier for me as a player to initially try the enslaving steps, and just build it out so it works if an npc is doing it too

    Make sure npc maggot farmers are are spawning on corporation planets
        and unfulfilled ones are turning into junkies


    How about a maggot farmer with no goal - happy to just do his maggot farming stuff
    But a maggot farmer with a goal job, will slowly get sad about not fulfilling that goal.
        Maggot farmer that isn't selling any maggots will eventually use a local life force extractor to get a payment, and
            that leaves a chance of getting addicted to it.

        Player should be able to get addicted to them too

    make slavers an npc that flies to corporation planets, enslaves junkies, and brings them back to slaver planet

    We want to also be able to ask npcs to work for us


Thinking dust
Diamond brain
Crystal brain

A trapped god
Synthbio nanodoc

Multipurpose cannon
Diamond Ship
Quark-gluon plasma missle
Microton AM warheads




Could have a player body that changes over time.
    Could do this with Ruel bodies - over time they slowly crystalize.
    Could have other body types that just evolve over time.

Spacetime foam
Engineer-of-souls
Diamond sphere eating matter and energy from the sun itself

Supercritical fluid

Planet so hot the rocks melt, evaporate, and rain down

Planet that is frozen for a long period of time, then thaws. The things on it are adapted to hibernate/dehydrate for many years at a time

Reactionless surge drive

Negative matter
Black hole drive
Star drive - partial dyson sphere around a sun, directing the output
Monsters that get stronger with each battle

Light saber tech. High temperature ionized plasma in a magnetic bottle. Project the plasma + magnetic field to throw a plasma bolt. Plasma torpedo. Plasma spike.

Ships cloaking. Defense drones that attack monsters ( just need to add a rule I think ) and monsters that attack objects

I like the idea of void power

Metaviral spawn

I really do love the scale and scope of the great ship series by Robert Reed. A ship larger than most planets. Unused rocket nozzles so large
    that whole cities can live on them. Alien goo building an entire ecosystem around one.
    I would like some event with a great ship. I am even kind of considering having it show up, fly around space a little, and then leave space for a bit.
        I don't want to trap players. I guess I could add in a warning, even account level that the great ship was going to leave our area of space in
        like a few days ( real time )

    Another one of the issues with this, is there should really only ever be one of these things, but I would probably want to change it
        eventually. I would need some sort of way to update the layout of an existing object (ship) based on new ship linkers


So players and NPCs should be able to bid on the merchant spots in spaceports.
    Players can put in vending machines, or auto docs
    So players should be able to sell their auto doc services for a price.


The idea of having a gaian as a friend. Makes organic things for its friend

Creature that gathers energy and resources as water moves past it.

Finding a quarter in a river. Same idea as breath of the wild. Finding things everywhere. Hide surprises all over the worlds.

A starfaring tree. Metal and junk where you need it for engines, but the rest is a special hard type of wood that grows and
fixes itself. I would want to integrate this somehow with the biogrove planet, or the things on it.

Queen caterpillar

Start off the create ship as a small space with tough walls sealing off other areas. Did that part.
    Now I need to spawn it, and code in the ability to modify it based on new linkers.
    I could link the asteroids moving with now the great ship moves.

The idea that a massive ship or planet gathers mass as it moves through space. Earth size is 45,000 tons/year. So a huge
    ship being built to take advantage of all this extra mass.

    Tritium bomb

Monsters that spawn meat slowly. Regens. Could have something that you harvest/cut on, and takes a bit to regenerate the
    mass.


Have an event that spawns a small area of machine farmland ( created/machine-farm-plant.ase ) and have a large farming machine monster
    guarding it https://images.gemquery.com/254/content_2549853.jpg

Have 1/2 burried robot heads and other bits 'buried' on desert and slaver planets. Salvagable for neat things.
    https://images.gemquery.com/254/content_2549852.jpg
    https://images.gemquery.com/254/content_2549851.jpg

It wouldn't be a bad idea to code in more granular control of generating planets - ability to re-generate a specific level.

I've been thinking of having the pathways be a little more wide by default. 2 squares instead of 1.




right click on your door > manage > add a rule that you can go through it. I'll make it automatically add that rule when they are made.



Just in general more eggs. Fish eggs, alien eggs. Frog style eggs
Firefly Squid
Digestive sac - use to build corrosive weapons
Mantis shrimp

Jelly
Poisonous Jelly
Poisonous barb
Algae bloom at surface
Should integrate slerm stuff somehow

Gravemind - Halo
High Charity mobile capital city

Admin needs to be able to warp to a ship

Glassing the surface of a planet

I'm undecided about just being able to hack attack AIs from on premise, or to allow it from anywhere, just with a strength modifier

Cyberpunk soda - could just use slerm berries for it to start

Have a building spawn with... cyberpunk gang types? When the boss is defeated, despawn the building, 'blow it up!' or something.
I do eventually want this role taken up by npcs - maybe I'm not that far off.

Cyberdyne
Neodyne

Mobile defense drone - Like a normal defense drone but it walks around

transparent, black outline body

Labs that spawn with old computer tech - like a Serial Experiments Lain scene.

I want an event that spawns a tower. Like Azure Dreams.

Hard Light - Halo

Assassin caterpillar
Glow worm caves

Hacking probe
semiotic malware
Metamaterial
Central processor - faceted flame of black crystal

heavy machine gun
laser cannon
Every cubic millimeter has been claimed by one company or another and changes hands from millisecond to millisecond as the market moves
Large machine spitting out black liquid

The idea that a monster poison or radiation attack would have an 'addiction' chance. If we integrated it 
    with the eating system, and just called it like the 'status/effect/impact' system, then we could have 
    that scale in the same way as traditional addictions.


The ability to allow costs for going through portals, or other requirements.

Solar panel tile that heals machines

"Her breath smelled like beetles in matchboxes"

Jovian/Jupiter type of planet. Would want a couple of moons close to it too. Could have a unique body type for that
    as well


could make AI energy tick faster with more cores. (game.tickAI)

Planet type that is a set of islands. Would need a flying body to go around (or portals)

Jax

Armored crawlers
Frames - adaptable machine bodies that plug into other machines
Plenipootentiary
Lock Provisos
Astro America
Taransay
Waggoner Ames
Belfort
Maryam
Laser cutter
Mining charge (explosive)
antibody bots (healing?)

Our machine world needs some sort of a firewall defense (could just be a monster that shows up in some neat condition)

Heavy duty laser drill

Subsurface nanobots
Biotech plagues


liquitube

Tuborg beer

The general idea of archaeology, paleontology - explorer role for players.
    Salvaging random things from around different planets.


Cynthian with shiny fur (Could have a Zuran like that)

Mining engineer

Eatee
Kanten
Cynthian
Tymbrimi

Arglebargle the IVth (It's just too funny)

The idea of uplifing something via genetic manipulation. 
    Could tie into the surgery skill I guess. In Sundiver, they are doing it with dolphins. 
    Not sure if I would want it to be done with npcs or monsters. If monsters, could initially
     use it to create something that is a source of food/buffs. Finding alien eggs on a wrecked 
     ship. Genetically modifying the egg towarsd food production/chemical production. Could have 
     the aliens bugs -> aligne meat bugs that generate meat. Alien chmical bugs create a useful
      stimulant. Would also lay eggs which you could take further down the path.


Plasma bubbles

Monster movement speed changing based on weather. Idea from the carinvorous plants that
     move faster at night - camping stories.


Plasma sphere displacer
Displacers in general - Effectively warping something to somewhere else.

Glowing skin
Diamond plate floor see through

The puff-creant was a small symbiont, half animal, half vegetable, which you paid to sit
 on your shoiulder and cough up your nose every time you turned to it. The cought 
 contained spores that could do any one of about thirty idfferent and interesting 
 things to your perceptions and mood.

 Flowing river of mercury

 Superlifter

 Slermtron
 Garden penthous
 Gain


 Vat grown meat

 xyster

 Frozen Thiol in space

 Comet cloud

 Asteroid belt

 Gangster-class rapid offensive unit

Idiran



Her hair was an artful tangle of massed black curls studded with tiny helium-filled 
globes of gold, platinum,and emberald. Violet gown. Black gloved arms.

Churt Lyne



Maser filament (radiation I think)


Using a mushed up brain as reaction mass for thrust.

Instead of storing poeople in hypersleepd chambres or something equivilent, store in a thin field, and position large gorups as static 'living art' Recreate a battle svene or something. SO COOL.

Self repairer construct
Zetetic
Aggressive Hegemonizing Swarm Objects



Gelfield suit
Atomechanical nucleus
Sisela
Elencher
Diamond filam
Dajeil
Plasma storms on the sun
Rare chance to find new bodies in hypersleep chambers when exploring derelict ships
Candy floss


Could have a place you go to after you die. A death bar, or death area.
Conglomerate
Gneiss
Cola
Blue juice
Turbo
Fizzy ____
Land-crawler
Battle-sat (battle satellites)
Combate drone
Drone swarm (monster?)

Smart munitions. Handful of tiny missiles

Need to add in a projectile type effect with an at designation optional effect
    Could do it first with the corrupted battery packs


Info guard (machine planet monster?)

gatling gun arm

Possibly warn players once before they get attacked by an AI
Portals with a cost. The high up city on the slaver planet that has trash
    fall down for the slaves to dig through.

Voon scientist monster that spawns with a computer console.

Stamp/smash
Accela

Cyberia
Lain


On machine worlds - maintenance drones

Cluster ship/station that is a bunch of asteroids anchored together.

Active molecule blocks

Shedding cold mass irregularly like a black comet

Biologic

Molecular initiators
Metahuman
Corporate mercenary
Gened-up
Kcells
Olyix
Kandara
Feriton
Zangari
Arkship
Yuri
Callum
Alik
Pattern sniffers
Portals are quantum entangled. 
Engine that is a quantum entangled portal
One end dropped into the sun. Shoots out plasma at the other end.
Quantum batteries.

Atomic bonding generator. Bond enough air together and it acts as a shield.

Electron cutter
Metalloceramic

Transparent skin with purple organs.

Mind distributed between 5 bodies linked via quantum entanglement.

Subsentient biologics

Sleeper bugs

Gamma-laser emitter

Small magrail rifle

Negative energy conductors (exotic matter, wormholes)

Artificial organic AI brain. Would need feeding/nutrient tubes. Nerve conduits 
Biomechanical womb

Blue green threads of bioluminescent transport rails

Flamethrower weapons. Combustion-plasma. Could do a whole body or amror that contains
    gasses to incrase fire/flame damage

Nanocomposite - tings like titanium being woven with other things at an atomic level

Reactive metal liquid crystal (halo )

Beings that live on high gravity planets that Jupiter, and need that level of gravity or 
    else they disappear in a puff of gas. Loper, a Jovian body being so adapted to strong 
    wind and high garvity that it is like nothing to the body. The ammonia, pleasant
     like lavender. Lightning like some small pleasant sensory things.


Could have machine world health tied to batteries. Merchant npc harvests energy from 
    the sun and delivers it to machine world for a price. Macine world only accepts 
    if HP is less than 100%.

Goddess of photons (on Sun planet?)


So over time the planets turn floors back into their natural state if nothing is done. Very slowly.

More transition floors. Overgrown quick matter floor. When clearned up? Repaired? It turns back into quick matter floor. 
    Event that requires quick matter floor.

Acid body that doesn't mind the acid

Deep water has slow and -1hp/tick
    Body that doesn't mind that 

Ship engine that runs on humans. More human batter type stuff.

Archon

Metal sarcophagi - could spawn monsters or treasure when interacted with

Starleague

Massive tree in space you can live on.

Cybershield - could be an augment that provides hacking defense.

Protein powder

With a queued object system we could have an event that spawns a bunch of trash, and then something neat towards the end. Would have to 'dig through'
    the trash to get the good stuff to appear.

Large ice asteroid ship - Star Wars 

Sinking sand (desert planet?)

Gotta have a planet with lightning storms. Could have these on Jovian planets.

Body type that has a decay rate

EMP weapons

Life blood on Biogrove planet. Green. 

Lifeblood junkie

Gatling gun arm
Drones that shoot lasers

World virus

Acid stream (floor type on acid planets?)

For machine bodies - repair kit. Circuit and battery.

Nitro - Life Herb + Ai Dust
Nitro EX - Burst + AI fragment

Drug style - burst. Hyper concentraed life herbs. TO the point of making your body grow extra everything and die. Addiction!

Life Salve - Life herb and life water.

Med kit - Nano bonder and life herb



Cyberware

Synthanol

Vine event on Biogrove that matches the dust storm idea.

Wormring

Crystal Egg

Weapon - Vax - that surrounds and blocks all light from reaching a Planets


Radiator beam - beams heat energy

Water spaceship - octopus type bubbles of water?

So far elite dangerous has been fun - just shooting stuff. I think I should let new players experience shooting in space a little. 
    Even in pods. Mabye a type of drone that anything that shoot.

Water with an appetite

Could have a monster that comes up and attacks the crystal bees. Goes back down and turns the crystal honey into 
    something cool. Caves of golden crystal honey stuff.

Research space station that gives bonus to researching.

Derelict research station for salvage opportunies

Hammerhead class destroyer
Assault chaingun
Enforcer class
Initializing domain indent chip

Moss
Rose Moss
Starfish
Slug strew - slug and moss

Bioartificers

Plentitude (Penitude?)
Lacertine
Husker attack swarm

Test attacking a planet and watching it heal

Really like shipbuild as a job. Npc job too. Could contract an NPC to do the build for you. Rating at low/medium/high risk depending on their skill. 
    Ship building services. Ship builder -> finds merchant spot > offers services > builds ship, either fails or transfers to the player.
    Could have a credit cost instead of a material cost for stuff like this. If it's really difficult, the NPC could ask more money after it kind of 'fails'
    Would just be on the planet



Sickly yellow sluge of eighter letter DNA yeast breaking down things into fresh monomers that can be printed into something new

Biologic initiator

Creeper drone

Metaviral spawn. Active molecular block that breaks mass down. Countered by artificially enhanced carbon bonds - ubercarbon

Particle cannon

Guassrifles pumping hyper velocity metallic hydrigen bullets

Area of space where monsters spawn. Idea of super rust. Maybe on some types of planets - metal rusts way faster

Maybe when mining deeper/more advanced stuff, there's a chance for mining up something nasty that hurts you. 
    Mining up a rock bug!!!
    Could have these bugs be attracted to stronger (higher level) mining beams. Or just use complexity to make them fail on weak beams.

Autotroops - automated human-like combat drones

An entire planet being so diseased that it's effectively quarantined. Could have that happen if a planet's health drops too low. Players could unit to block people from entering and spreading it around.

Ants harvesting fungus. (Could tie into crystal honey - they create some sort of honey crystal structure)

Fungus around tree roots that helps the tree gather more water and minerals.

Hyperfiber



Graviton beams

Diamond scales over a skeleton of Hyperfiber

Ship that accelerates so hard and fast that it kills you, pulverizing you a bit. But you have repair mechanisms that can remake you.

Biological storm.

Defenses that only activate if a certain attack threshold is reached. Idea of allowing some damage/taking, but nothing that appears a large threat

Monsters that are mostly transparent

I like the idea of salvaging something less. E.g. slavaging from some ship, and getting a lesser version. Idea of hyperfiber, but generating worse hyperfiber as a result

Bioceramic machine mind with memories woven inside artificial neurons, full of redundancies

Wun the remora on the great ship hull. Body full of regeneration/repair mechaisms. Army of tiny workrers. Can focus that effort towards actually improving her body. Evolving it.


Alone from The Great Ship. Liquid body that tends to present itself as solid. Chameleon. Able to turn invisible. Able to compress into a super hot tiny speck. Hotter than a sun. Able to take matter from others around it and use that energy.

Body powered by a quasar smaller than an atom. Enclosed in magnetic envelope

Single speck of degenerated matter

Worm with a white hot head used to bore through crystal

Creatures that swim in giant fuel tanks

Creatures made entirely of dark matter

Cage of plasma and overalpping magnetic fields, creating a nearly invisible, seemingly unbreakable prison.

Monster face with eye of lava flowing down.

Machines that live and move through hot silicone

Bioceramic

More desert floor types with little broken ruin and sculpture bits in it. Dust storms have a chance of uncoring a treasure or something when they finish.

Hot bodies being able to move through deep snow faster

For machine worlds. Dendrites and short circuits as monsters

Battery pack monster. Drops corrupted battery packs.

Alien nector

have corporation planets produce trash. Let people sell bundles of trash that poeople can salvage. Maybe a ship with a bonus to salvaging, that a player then lines with salvaging machines.

Trash asteroid

Shovelling cell protein from extraction pits
Data minins

Triumvirate (set of 3?)

Fullerene nanotubes doped with atoms of beryllium and iron

Construction diamond.

Adam from evangelion

Empress of Mars

Miners armor

Plyplastic 


Passive deflector shield

Floor types that react to players. CHance of spawning monsters when walked on. Chance of changing floor type. Etc.

Glitched types of floor

Nox

Lower desert tiles that if stepped on, spawn a monster, or something else


Desert that spawns random useful items

Mutagens. Disassemblers

Nebulars

Block hole as a heart

Stone roses

Body upgrades that take a long time to mature/be useful. Singularity in people that takes time to settle/twist/compress

Storing memories in the land around you

Weeds with a chance of corrupting a crop around them

Certain body types that effectively have built in portals.

Reimbodiment

BioCore

Frostwatch cabin - cold sleep
Plastrum
Woven from ancient molecular templates in a biolibrary
Water for hydrogen-fusion tanks.

The palace of eternal dusk
Swallowships - would be neat to have specialized ships that filled with water/ore/etc

HACKING. THE VIEW I HAVEN'T MADE YET! Need a way to enter into virtual realm

Advanced Forge image and functionality

    Need to change move delay server side so players' can't switch to body/ship/body/ship to reset the move delay. Also, probably shouldn't have a 10 move 
        wiggle window for really slow things like stations.

Need to limit the # of things that can be stacked on a floor. Limit at 100 Territe/tile or so.


Not sure that cooking listens to complexity yet

admin /moveto ship is buggy!!!

If a ship is dockable, we want to run the sprite all the time




The ability to re-generate a single planet level

The ability to re-generate the floor of a single planet level

If we can't place a player in the galaxy, try the coords around the player instead of random
    Search server for: 'Was not able to place player on planet or specific galaxy coord. Getting a random one'
    Players can effectively force a warp


Need a moveObjectFlow or something for asteroids and such I suppose?
    The idea of asteroids flowing in space is cool - but I would have to greatly speed up their movement tick time.


Could do a hyperdiamond body TIER 8 - can be resistant to acid



Have something like a geothermal well that can be put on any planet - and produces stored energy (batteries?)
    But universally decreases the HP of the planet


The idea of blueprints for manufacturing something. Certain monsters drop blueprints that will
 99% the success rate of manufacturing the item. Not really sure how I would want to implement blueprints. One time use?
 X times use?


Biogrove planets can be our gaia type planets. Have a tree of life (think of a cooler name) npc spawn and have an AI at the bottom
    level of the planet. Tree of life NPC would follow NPCs on other planets controlling them/things

Quirks for AIs. Like the idea of an AI that gets focused/obsessed on a particular thing. Clockmaker builds clocks.


Maybe have a super attack on a crazy long cooldown. Mob psycho 100, Goku going all out, etc



Rare items with a limited number that can exist in the galaxy at any given time. Think Star Darts

Piracy/Bounty system
    Could have identity documents that get used when visiting a spaceport. Otherwise spaceport interations would have
        a record of you being there that a mercenary could obtain.

    If a player attacks things on a corporation planet, the CEO puts a bounty on the player's head

    Players could put bounties on other players. NPCs could put bounties on players.

    Currently a moderately large problem with a bounty system is there isn't a whole lot of downside to dying
        and I want to keep it that way. Players could just switch to a human body, and kill themselves with another account 
        and get the bounty


Flesh planet type. The whole planet is a massive organism. Pinks an flesh colors

Body switching skill. Have a negative effect after switching bodies that people slowly get used too.

Could have really high levels of addiction affect the player instead of just the body

Super polluted planet. Needs drugs to stay healthy. Snow.

Researching system is pretty basic. Wouldn't be a bad idea to expand on it.

could have a player body type with a really long movement delay, but they warp

Menelaus Illation Montrose
Agamemmon
Azarchel
Sark

File bug
Bioterror bug

Cyrano
CPur
Nubelle
Ximen
Totipotent cells
Melchor

Prometheus formula
Pulsar that emits tons of radiation on and in the space around it.
Raining molten glass

Judgement Engine

Xypotech
Ratiotech
Sapentech

Engineering plants to draw up the trace minerals you need

Could have a plant that when planted can draw up AI dust on desert, exodium on slaver, etc. ( would probably have to be different plants )

Machine plant that grows microscopic superconductive circuits

Algae vats that are at 110% hp or higher could have a chance of making radiation algae - and that thrives in space. Eats radiation.

Could have npc job happiness be incredibly simple. No interaction at all - ever - is bad. Separate var for that.

I really do want Space Abyss to build a story with/without players

Liquid-crystals - could be a river type on the mountain world

Recycling bodies and other matter (neat idea but lots of overlap with salvaging)

Gavatra

Spray on suit

Could have stuff like that for temporary buffs against certain damage. Frost spray gives resistance to heat damage for a bit.

We have stuff like an algae vat that needs to be sustained. The same idea but for a monster/planet

Could have a planet that decays by default and players need to feed it to keep it healthy

Salvageable machine wrecks on machine worlds. Can be picked up
    I'd want to buy them

Octhulhu
Avispine
Spoonwormer
Nemollis
Megaloain
Seldurum
Darumoss
Burnn

Effect idea: .hack//Sign episode 19, 18 mins in. Yellow beams converging at a sphere

When a world leech spawns, have it as a noted event. Have world leeches suck the life out of planets

An event that spawns replicator like MLM on a planet. Have to figure out how strong to make them. The event, the replicators could have a goal. If they 
    achieve the goal, then spawn the next time at the same difficulty or lower. Planet hp is impacted or something. If they are killed off/don't reach their goal,
    spawn stronger next time.

Players in the virtual world could start as little squares and slowly be more like a full human body as hacking skill levels up

Different types of virtual terminals could have different effects. Added attack, defense ,etc.

The idea of the Biogrove planet being a farming planet for players. Too much and gets unhealthy.

Seldon
Gaal
Salvor
Anslem

Patrol ship
Escot ship

XXXXX Heavy Industries

Tomaz
Jord
Lundin
Yate

Down came the glitches and burned us in ditches. Glitches could be slang for MLM

Imperial police flyer

Plant that bleeds nickel. Could do similar for exodium.


Edo Station


atom blaster 
hyperwave 
hyperatomic
Limmar
Eskel

All humans on earth being the planet growing its consciousness neuron by neuron. When all humans are connected - boom - conscious earth.

The idea that a body type would be strengthened or weakened based on how many parts of it there were. SOmething along the lines of 
having a garden of a certain plant type that quantumly links to the body making it stronger. Could do a gaia type body that starts 
at 10 HP but gets more HP via being linked to plants.

Beam cannon array

Floor made from some type of amber-like substance that starts to ooze up around you if you stay still too long

Kessler syndrome

Reid

Nanomeds

Deirda

Space farms

Quantum power tap
Gravitic drive

ALtered Starscape Andromeda Dark: Book One
    Alien: Medusians. Medusae. Blend of luminous color shifts in their skin combined with clicks and whistles to communicate.
        Carbon based but interact with something like humans in a heavily insulated pod. Pod is red and grey. Icy frost at transparent face area.
        Lives in -100C. Breaths hydrogen, drinks liquid ethane, and excretes methane.
        Face is squirming black and orange tentacles surrounded by a ring of 6 eyes plae and electric blue that seem to glow.

Gamma ray laser
Volech
K'tarid

Human / machine body mix. Mk. III Marine Combat Unit

Black plasteel, woven carbarmor, and nanochelated circuitry. Brain inside needs a computronium matrix.

Nanotech engineering. Fractal level architectural design.

Research outpost.

Void anomaly
Biodome
Overgrown Biodome
Star Union
Voidtech
Gravictronic wave
Star cluster
Void rift
Carminia

Laser drill

Desert storm enemy that drops a save (ship upon death)

Mechanic mind eater (hacking)
Organic mind eater (control)

Creature with a plain black face that opens up to look like emeralds are within

Diamond teeth and a mouth full of starts

Ships: Swooping, multicolored glass; beautiful. Like fighter jets designed by gothic 



Starkiller drinking the suns light and the heat of fusion from its core. Shaping magnetic fields to 
funnel plasma columns up through space to their mouths.

In terms of story generation, could start with having the planet where the player leveled up. Could even
maybe save the coord's floor, objecte, and monsters around (or with associated battle linkers) when dying 
or leveling to recreate later for the player, or just have more information available.

Glowing crystal caves

Golden ball of light

Pores that sweat caustic fluid

Fingers dripping ichor and light

Light spear dripping

Data fortress event on machine planets

A type of body that eats hot things. Coals, etc. Like Calcifer. Could be slagcell type I suppose.
 ( but doesn't need to be dark)

 Slerm enjoying being eaten. Gray in Empress of Forever. A god that turns into puddles and such. Goes into lungs.

 Black ICE
 Demon and hound programs

 Huge dead 'god' in space. A face big as a continental shelf. Things that killed it, living on it.

 Large spider splitting into ten thousand tiny mites, devouring and recombining matter.

 Refined godstuff

 Spider nebula

Fruit that ripens slowly and contains knowledge. Eating something that increases skill
 Thousand year ripening fruit that contains the DNA processed wisdom of the stargrove

 Neurotoxin

 Acid rain on an unhealthy biogrove planet

 Junk Sector

 Hyperdense computational matter

 A ravenous god that can drink a star, and sweat diamond

 Matter fountain

 Plasma cannon
 Flechette cannon firing crystal shards

 Nanobiome

 Egg that can birth a planet.

 Monsters that turn into other monsters when they die

 Worldgnasher
 Form-Eater

 Monster that spawns on a small mountain (hill?) of glowing circuitry

 Sap dripping from a tree, or an entire floor in a planet. Lower levels of inferno could have lava drips

 Desire algorithm

 Pleasure seeking math.
 
 A monster that changes the environment around you (teleports?) could either give you fake things, 
 or could just be traps. Beautiful grassy area, diamond deposits everywhere, etc

 People hanging out in fluid sacs. A little like the matrix.

 Prisonship with an NPC trapped inside

 Diamond waterfall

 Diamond ceramic armor

 Claws dripping plasma

 Matter siphon

 Coherent armor-light or coherent light-armor

 Drink heat from an exploding star. Maybe have some types of things that require really unique
  energy sources to charge.

  Xiara

  Player body made of maggots that can eat trash (slagcell?)

  Track bug attack npc kills and other with heroism

  Citadel

  Crystal city of starships

  Pirate queen

  Hypbercube

  Zanj
  Hong
  Prison set inside of a star

  Material: suncrystal

  Empress casoffs. Machines and toys that are maddened by being abandoned.

  Hate fractals

  I think I could make a prison ship now. Even if it just started as  lot of cells with various
   creatures in them.

  Stellar prison

Ships: Three dimensional fractals. Mandelbubls and Mandleboxes and Sierpinski pyramids
 made out of prisms, black wire, and hate

Ships: Swooping, multicolored glass; beautiful; Like fighter jets designed by Gothic
 architects with an unlimited stained glass budget. Stained glass spaceships



***************** END UNSORTED IDEAS ************************************************************************




***************** MAYBE IDEAS AND GENERALLY NEAT THOUGHTS ***************************************************

Avengers used a whole star for forging

Multi consciousness. Global. Self was plants, animals, a whole ecosystem feeling and thinkng in different ways

Story of an intelligent virus that in the span of nanoseconds, replicated, realized there was a bigger world out there,
    had a small civilization, made unique art, and language.

Killing other players could stain your soul. Could lose skills to wipe the memory of it.
    In general I don't love the idea of punishing PVP too much. Still think it's an interesting thought


The option of a player being in the game world, but basically being an observer. Followed by an AI that protected the player.
    Restricted from building, hurting other players, and a bunch of other stuff. Would have to lock down things like
    inventory transfer - but then you have issues along the lines of someone using that to safely get monster loot,
    and transferring (even via dropping on the ground) the look to get to a normal player.

#really not sure I want to code this :p
For cosmetic objects vs functional ones, one day we could have the cosmetics displaying normally,
    and the functional ones when the player goes into combat. Think a nano mesh smart armor that instantly surrounds
    the player, or is normally see through or whatever


************** USED IDEAS THAT WE ARE SAVING FOR WHATEVER REASON *****************


I want two ships with airlocks to be able to move next to each other and interact
    We already get so much of this functionality from 'is_dockable'. So I'm not sure if the solution is to just
    make more ships have the 'is_dockable' flag set to true.

Angel like creatures
